offense lines up here third down and
eight going across the middle of a
terrible job by the quarterback its
third down you throw it short of the
markers way you get a completion that's
great you're really accurate but there
were guys open down the field take a
chance and go for born down the coach is
going to go for it looking for the open
receiver on the right what a job by the
quarterback finding a way to throw that
football and pick up another first down
they are marching down the field right
now
just about a minute left that would take
a miracle to pull this one out
from the gun running for his life James
Laurinaitis brings him down
from the red zone drop back shotgun
formation scrambled and that's a
touchdown late of this one
well the defense does a good job they
get the quarterback to scramble out of
the pocket then they forget to keep
their eyes I they all try to cover
receivers the quarterback what a job
takes off down the field and scores dat
coming up add the extra point the kick
is good
Billy Cundiff ready for the kickoff
they bring them down
that's what plays if it doesn't work
everybody's going to get on the
offensive coordinator for running the
football there late in the game when
they're behind but he caught the defense
off guard it was a good risk by them in
a good game nickel formation here for
the defense first and ten Sam Bradford
going that's an interception
good job that time by the defense not
being full being in position when you're
in position you have a chance to make
the play that time they did they got the
interception
they bring in the extra tight end takes
a knee that stopped move off with that
timeout
they bring in an extra defensive back
takes a knee they immediately call for a
timeout
it comes out in the dime
takes the day
rocca now ready to punt
there it is the game has